(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai Kamiya, the Digi-Destined,
and their loyal Digimon partners
all journey onward to a new
stage in their adventure.
Their goal is to prevent
Millenniumon's
impending resurrection.
While Tai and his group
scout out the area.
[Agumon] Come on, hurry, hurry!
[Tentomon] I don't
understand your excitement.
[Agumon] Scouting, I'm scouting.
Scouting?
[Man On Radio] Next up,
yesterday the cabinet
during the press conference...
In accordance with the
prime minister's statement-
Come on, terrible reception.
Chuumon, we ready to go?
(Chuumon exclaims)
Interesting, someone's
already here.
Yeah.
Garbagemon, an ultimate Digimon.
And Chuumon, looks
like a rookie Digimon.
That's right, but what are
they doing in this place?
[Tentomon] Wonder what that
big clunky contraption does.
(Izzy gasps)
I think this one's it.
Not another defective one!
Don't get upset, you can always
learn from your mistakes,
you know?
Humans.
Sorry, it's just
it's incredible,
what you've managed to do
with all of this garbage.
[Garbagemon] You
watch your mouth, kid.
This ain't garbage.
This place is a
moment of treasure.
Each of these objects
are pricesless artifacts
that prove the existence
of another world.
We're knee-deep in the
motherlode of knowledge.
What a vivid description.
They say one man's trash
is another man's cash,
so don't judge.
Assumptions are the
enemies of science.
I'll remember that.
So is this stuff also
part of your research?
Oh, that's just a pile of junk.
[Tentomon] But you just-
A battery and a motor, a
desk lamp, a rice paddle
sitting in a wash tub.
Score, some cup noodles!
Can I eat them?
(machine beeping)
Unfortunately, it
appears they've expired.
[Tai] Oh man.
I'm willing to risk it.
[Izzy] There's a whole bunch
of other household
goods as well.
Katamete Poi Poi.
[Tentomon] Oh cool, what is it?
It turns frying oil
into a solid chunk
for easy disposal.
[Tentomon] Oh, science-y.
What's that yellow thing?
Oh, this is what
you call a tablet.
Fascinating.
An impressive piece
of technology.
It's saved our bacon
quite a few times.
[Garbagemon] Say, Chuumon,
why don't we take
this thing apart?
(Izzy gasps)
How about not?
Relax, kid, you'll get
it back when we're done.
I was wondering,
are you a scientist?
You think like one.
Guilty as charged.
Right now I'm taking
a survey of this area.
I've noticed that a strange
black lightning storm
has crackled through the sky
over every part of
this eternal continent.
But one day, it
suddenly disappeared.
Immediately afterwards, all
kind of random bits and bobs
started raining
down out of nowhere.
Resulting in this
pile of rubbish,
I mean, riches that you see now.
Mm-hmm, that's why I've been
meticulously combing through it
for answers ever
since that moment.
What made that lightning
stop in the first place?
Well, it stopped when Izzy and I
took care of the
International Space Station.
This reminds of the
refrigerator we found earlier.
It's as if the data from
our world got scrambled in
with the black lightning
and caused all the items
to materialize everywhere.
What's with the secrecy?
What do you know?
I'm gonna need you to
spill every little detail.
Would you accompany
me to my laboratory?
What?
Please, we'd love to.
So heavy.
So many remnants
from the lightning.
That's right, my
research tells me
they've been mostly
accumulating in this area.
[Tentomon] You think?
What's this?
A flash drive?
That?
Never seen it in my life.
Eh, you can have it,
knock yourself out.
Yeah?
Thank you.
(dramatic music)
Okay, who cut one?
[Garbagemon] Oh no, not again.
[Tentomon] Well,
that can't be good.
It's our friendly
old arch nemesis.
Meet Raremon.
Is that Raremon's special move?
Better keep a lid
on your trash cans.
Watch out!
(all gasping)
Now, Tentomon!
[Tentomon] Let's
take out the trash!
Quick, Agumon.
You got it.
Agumon digivolve to-
[Greymon] Greymon!
[Tentomon] Tentomon
digivolve to-
[Kabuterimon] Kabuterimon!
What just happened?
(dramatic music)
Come on, buddy.
That monster will
eat anything it sees.
Kabuterimon!
[Kabuterimon] Electro Shocker!
It's not working.
Guess it's our turn.
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
[Kabuterimon] It's way too hot!
That's one spicy meatball.
There aren't any
attacks that will work
on that overgrown mudslide.
And once he's hit,
things get ugly.
[Tai And Izzy] What happens?
[Garbagemon] He gets hungry.
[Kabuterimon] Where you going?
Was it something we said?
[Greymon] Good riddance.
Did he just leave?
[Garbagemon] About those gizmos.
Huh?
Can I see?
I don't think so.
[Garbagemon] How
very fascinating.
So you're saying
this black lightning
has something to do with
Millenniummon's resurrection?
[Izzy] That's right.
[Garbagemon] And these
kids are supposed to be
the legendary Digi-Destined?
[Tentomon] That's right.
We were heading toward a place
called the Sealed Grounds,
then we ran into you.
Your story's scarier than a
cold mug of sewer slide tea.
Good thing ours is hot.
Seriously, because if any of
the residual black lightning
that's accumulated here were
to affect Raremon somehow,
one can only image the
mayhem it would cause.
(all gasping)
Hey, by the way, why do
you have so many mugs
hanging around?
Those old things?
They belonged to
the many Chuumon
who used to live
here and assist me.
One by one, they got eaten
while trying to fight
that hill of ooze.
To tell you the truth,
it gets me down
whenever I look at them.
Each one's a reminder of
a friend I couldn't save.
I won't give up though,
even if I get gobbled up too.
I have to do it for the
Chuumon to finish our research.
And I'm going to remove that
rotten Raremon with this.
(all gasping)
Dude, is that a bazooka?
Sure looks like it.
[Garbagemon] This is the
Absolute Zero Bazooka.
With this, I can
freeze any opponent
and pelt it with ice
bullets until it shatters.
Amazing.
You made that from scraps?
Such craftsmanship goes
beyond simple resourcefulness.
I'd say it's more akin
to pulling something
out of thin air.
I know, right?
The product of a genius.
(dramatic music)
What's happening?
It's more of that lightning.
The buried remnants of it are
beginning to break through.
I still don't understand
that crazy dude's plan.
What's all this junk for?
Seems so random.
It's up ahead.
Raremon's approaching the surge.
Don't like that.
Let's hurry, maximum
pressure, Chuumon.
(horn blows)
Such passion, wow.
Revenge might not
be the best idea.
But then again, only the
ones who were left behind
understand that pain.
The people and Digimon.
[Kabuterimon]
Everything all right?
Huh?
I'm just strategizing.
Hey, I was wondering,
maybe we should wait
for Tai and Greymon
to catch up first,
since they might be
bringing over something
you'll need to use later.
Everything on that
push cart is useless.
What you might call
straight up garbage.
Okay.
Wait a minute, you
haven't even tested that.
Don't worry, buttercup,
from here on out, this is
my dispute to deal with.
If I go down, take
care of Chuumon for me!
Garbagemon!
[Kabuterimon] No way,
don't tell me that maniac
is trying to take
him down alone.
This is for the Chuumon you ate.
Say goodbye.
(upbeat music)
He went for it.
[Garbagemon] Did it work?
Incredible.
[Kabuterimon] Wow, he nailed it.
Huh, the black lightning's
surging around the ice.
My device failed.
(somber music)
Garbagemon.
What's happening?
(Rareraremon groaning)
Rareraremon.
This advanced form
is terrifying.
Time to digivolve.
[Kabuterimon] Don't
have to tell me twice.
Kabuterimon digivolve to-
[MegaKabuterimon]
MegaKabuterimon!
Coming at you!
Nothing, seriously?
Okay then, how
about some of these.
Okay, gross.
What is this stuff?
It smells like oil.
Right, kiddo.
Lately the only thing that
monster's been feasting on
are fuel powered machines.
We did see Raremon crunching
down on cars earlier.
All that greasy stuff
can't be too healthy.
He's basically a walking
tsunami of fuel and oil.
Fuel and oil.
So he's full of oil.
Hold on a second.
Ey?
[MegaKabuterimon] Hey, what
do you think you're doing?
Horn Buster!
Whew, a little too
close for comfort.
Really, are you that hungry?
[Greymon] Greymon digivolve to-
[MetalGreymon] MetalGreymon!
Wowie!
Perfect timing.
Did you guys bring
that cart of...
I mean, the materials?
Yeah, why else would we be late?
[MetalGreymon] What
do we do with it?
Okay, listen up, you can
still make things right.
You've got this, and I'm
gonna prove it to you, friend.
[MegaKabuterimon] That's
right, it's garbage can,
not garbage can't.
Let's see, I think
it was in here.
Yes!
We're not done yet.
Help me out, you two.
I'm gonna need some extra hands.
[Tai And MetalGreymon]
Sure thing.
[MegaKabuterimon]
Izzy, what's the plan?
What should we do?
Step one is drawing
his attention.
I need you guys to
attack from above.
[MegaKabuterimon] Yes
sir, just leave it to us.
(upbeat music)
Forget about that bazooka.
It's as useless as I am.
No, it's not, and neither
are you, Garbagemon.
You can learn from
your mistakes.
Change your point of view,
the same way we're going
to change how we fire this.
One man's trash is
another's cash, right?
I said that?
Okay, this should work.
This goes on the cooler.
Oh, thanks a lot, Chuumon.
Bon appetit.
[Izzy] Tai, how's it
going on your end?
Not bad, we're just doing
what you asked us to.
I'm almost finished.
By the way, Izzy,
what are you planning?
You still haven't told
us at all what you...
Thanks, and here's dessert.
That ought to do it.
On to phase two, take
Rareraremon for a spin.
[MegaKabuterimon] Time
for the merry-go-round.
Hey now, you'll get
your turn soon enough.
It's beginning to blend.
Earth to Izzy, what's up next?
Now let's have MetalGreymon
bring up the heat
with Giga Storm.
[MetalGreymon] But that'll
burn MegaKabuterimon too.
[MegaKabuterimon] I'll be fine,
just give it your best shot,
Izzy knows what he's doing,
so let's get cooking.
Oh yeah, then fire
up the burner.
[MetalGreymon] Let's
kick it up a notch.
Giga Storm!
(upbeat music)
[MegaKabuterimon] Oh, hot,
hot, hot, ready to go!
The heat's activating
the chemical in its body.
(Chuumon exclaims)
You want to get
in on the action?
(Chuumon exclaims)
(singing in Japanese)
Almost there.
You're something, kid.
[MegaKabuterimon] Getting
a little warm over here,
you guys!
All right, MegaKabuterimon,
get out of there.
[MegaKabuterimon]
Don't mind if I do.
With MetalGreymon's attack,
we'll be able to maximize the
cooler's power,
hopefully.
It's beautiful.
It's now or never, so
give me all you got.
Okay, you heard the boss man.
Energy charged at
100%, firing now!
Freezing him didn't work,
so I thought we'd try this.
Firming him up the same way
you'd solidify frying oil,
by mixing in the
thickener, heating it up,
and cooling it down.
Giga Storm provides the heat,
and MegaKabuterimon's
spinning attack
mixes the thickener with the oil
throughout Rareraremon's body.
And if we cool that body
with the upgraded bazooka,
freezing him should work.
Come on, just a little more.
Come on, please work.
So did we do it?
[MegaKabuterimon] Yeah,
it totally worked.
That bad boy's frozen solid.
(Izzy gasps)
Great strategizing, Izzy.
Thanks.
(Chuumon exclaims)
You did it, you
scientific prodigy.
(Izzy laughs)
[Tai] You've come up
with some crazy plans,
but you've outdone
yourself this time.
[Tentomon] I've
never seen someone
get so fired up.
[Agumon] My bad, I
got carried away.
[Tentomon] I know
you got heated,
but I was actually
talking about Izzy.
(all laughing)
I'm impressed, kiddo.
You've got a brain
built for science.
I've never seen anyone
show so much determination.
Oh please, your invention
made everything possible.
If I was any help,
it's thanks to you.
Anyway, from now on, I hope
you can stop doubting yourself
and just focus on your research.
You're too kind, Izzy,
thank you so much.
Eureka, you just digivolved.
Searchmon, eh?
I guess Izzy was
so darn inspiring
that you just couldn't
help yourself, I see now.
(all laughing)
Starting today, we'll
search through new land,
we'll catch you all at
our next research site.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia.
Nanimon, an invader
Digimon known a Oyaji.
Its special move is
called Power Punch.
But it's actually made of poop?
I definitely don't
wanna get hit.
Anyway, now let's
check this out.
With that steely gaze
and grizzled beard,
Nanimon's the
manliest of them all.
He's a true macho-mon.
Okay, I think I just
told a dad joke.
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Etemon faces
off against Volcamon.
The fierce battle to
become the king of Digimon
starts off with a shout.
[Tai] Next time, "Clash,
The King of Digimon."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.